INSTRUCTIONS :
Step 1 ( To make the cake ) = 
        Preheat oven to 350°F/180°C . Grease two 8-inch or 9-inch cake pans that are at least 2-inches high 
         and line the bottom of the pan with a round piece of parchment paper .
Step 2 =
        In a medium bowl , sift together flour , cornstarch , cocoa powder , baking soda and salt.Set aside.
Step 3 =
        Sift the cocoa powder into the butter mixture and cream together .
Step 4 = 
        Add red food colouring and vinegar to the buttermilk , then whisk together .
Step 5 =
        Add 1/2 of the dry and 1/2 of the wet to the butter mixture until combined . Add the red buttermilk mixture and beat .
        Pour the batter into the three prepared pans . Add any extra batter to a cupcake paper . This will be used for the crumble .
        Bake for about 30-35 minutes or until the centres are springy to the touch . Bake the crumble cupcake for about 15-20
        minutes . When done , let them cool in their pans for about 5 minutes , then invert them out onto a wire rack .
Step 6 =
        In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment , cream the butter . Sift confectioners sugar into a large bowl . Add room 
        temperature creame cheese to the creamed butter . Add vanilla and a pinch of salt . Beat together . Add the confectioners
        sugar in cups . Mix until combined . If you are wanting a stronger buttercream , keep adding more sifted confectioners sugar until 
        you reach a desired consistency . Transfer the buttercream to a piping bag and snip off the tip .
Step 7 =
        To create the crumbs , you can either break up the cupcake by hand or use a grater . I find that using the grater gives you a more consistent
        crumb for decorating .
Step 8 =
        In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment , cream the room temperature butter until smooth . Sift in the confectioner's sugar .
        Beat until you get to a desired consistency . Add the rose water . Make sure the butercream is thick . Dye a few batches yellow ,
        soft pink and pink .Use some matcha powder to create a natural leaf color. Transfer the green buttercream to a bag fitted with a 68 tip. 
        Cut a square of parchment paper. Use a tiny bit of buttercream to glue down the paper onto a piping nail. For the roses, place a small cone of very
        thick buttercream in the middle of the square. Add bits of yellow in the middle for added dimension. Pipe the petals using a 127 tip.

Step 9 =
        Pipe a thick layer of cream cheese frosting between each layer. Cover the cake in frosting.

Step 10 =
         Use a bench scraper and offset spatula to smooth out the cake. Transfer to the fridge to chill for about 10 minutes or until the frosting is a bit set.
         If you’re in a warm climate, let your cake chill for even longer.
Step 11 =
         Using your hand, scoop crumbs onto the side and top of the cake until it’s completely covered.

Step 12 =
         Arrange the flowers on top of the cake. Pipe in leaves using the green buttercream.